README.md, before:

# https://github.com/docker-library/python

## Maintained by: [the Docker Community](https://github.com/docker-library/python)

This is the Git repo of the [Docker "Official Image"](https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/official_repos/) for [python](https://hub.docker.com/_/python/) (not to be confused with any official python image provided by python upstream). See [the Docker Hub page](https://hub.docker.com/_/python/) for the full readme on how to use this Docker image and for information regarding contributing and issues.

The [full description from Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/_/python/) is generated over in [docker-library/docs](https://github.com/docker-library/docs), specifically in [docker-library/docs/python](https://github.com/docker-library/docs/tree/master/python).

## See a change merged here that doesn't show up on Docker Hub yet?

Check [the "library/python" manifest file in the docker-library/official-images repo](https://github.com/docker-library/official-images/blob/master/library/python), especially [PRs with the "library/python" label on that repo](https://github.com/docker-library/official-images/labels/library%2Fpython).

For more information about the official images process, see the [docker-library/official-images readme](https://github.com/docker-library/official-images/blob/master/README.md).

---

-	[Travis CI:  
	![build status badge](https://img.shields.io/travis/docker-library/python/master.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/docker-library/python/branches)
-	[AppVeyor (Windows):  
	![build status badge](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/docker-library/python?branch=master&svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/docker-library/python)
-	[Automated `update.sh`:  
	![build status badge](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/update.sh/job/python/badge/icon)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/update.sh/job/python)

| Build | Status | Badges | (per-arch) |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
| [`amd64`<br />![build status badge](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/amd64/job/python/badge/icon)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/amd64/job/python) | [`arm32v5`<br />![build status badge](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/arm32v5/job/python/badge/icon)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/arm32v5/job/python) | [`arm32v6`<br />![build status badge](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/arm32v6/job/python/badge/icon)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/arm32v6/job/python) | [`arm32v7`<br />![build status badge](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/arm32v7/job/python/badge/icon)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/arm32v7/job/python) |
| [`arm64v8`<br />![build status badge](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/arm64v8/job/python/badge/icon)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/arm64v8/job/python) | [`i386`<br />![build status badge](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/i386/job/python/badge/icon)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/i386/job/python) | [`ppc64le`<br />![build status badge](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/ppc64le/job/python/badge/icon)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/ppc64le/job/python) | [`s390x`<br />![build status badge](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/s390x/job/python/badge/icon)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/s390x/job/python) |
| [`windows-amd64`<br />![build status badge](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/windows-amd64/job/python/badge/icon)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/windows-amd64/job/python) |

<!-- THIS FILE IS GENERATED BY https://github.com/docker-library/docs/blob/master/generate-repo-stub-readme.sh -->

Commit message:

Update generated README
Especially to link to the new FAQ entry (https://github.com/docker-library/faq#an-images-source-changed-in-git-now-what)

README.md, after:

# https://github.com/docker-library/python

## Maintained by: [the Docker Community](https://github.com/docker-library/python)

This is the Git repo of the [Docker "Official Image"](https://github.com/docker-library/official-images#what-are-official-images) for [`python`](https://hub.docker.com/_/python/) (not to be confused with any official `python` image provided by `python` upstream). See [the Docker Hub page](https://hub.docker.com/_/python/) for the full readme on how to use this Docker image and for information regarding contributing and issues.

The [full image description on Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/_/python/) is generated/maintained over in [the docker-library/docs repository](https://github.com/docker-library/docs), specifically in [the `python` directory](https://github.com/docker-library/docs/tree/master/python).

## See a change merged here that doesn't show up on Docker Hub yet?

For more information about the full official images change lifecycle, see [the "An image's source changed in Git, now what?" FAQ entry](https://github.com/docker-library/faq#an-images-source-changed-in-git-now-what).

For outstanding `python` image PRs, check [PRs with the "library/python" label on the official-images repository](https://github.com/docker-library/official-images/labels/library%2Fpython). For the current "source of truth" for [`python`](https://hub.docker.com/_/python/), see [the `library/python` file in the official-images repository](https://github.com/docker-library/official-images/blob/master/library/python).

---

-	[![build status badge](https://img.shields.io/travis/docker-library/python/master.svg?label=Travis%20CI)](https://travis-ci.org/docker-library/python/branches)
-	[![build status badge](https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/docker-library/python/master.svg?label=AppVeyor)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/docker-library/python)
-	[![build status badge](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/s/https/doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/update.sh/job/python.svg?label=Automated%20update.sh)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/update.sh/job/python)

| Build | Status | Badges | (per-arch) |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|
| [![amd64 build status badge](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/s/https/doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/amd64/job/python.svg?label=amd64)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/amd64/job/python) | [![arm32v5 build status badge](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/s/https/doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/arm32v5/job/python.svg?label=arm32v5)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/arm32v5/job/python) | [![arm32v6 build status badge](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/s/https/doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/arm32v6/job/python.svg?label=arm32v6)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/arm32v6/job/python) | [![arm32v7 build status badge](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/s/https/doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/arm32v7/job/python.svg?label=arm32v7)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/arm32v7/job/python) |
| [![arm64v8 build status badge](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/s/https/doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/arm64v8/job/python.svg?label=arm64v8)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/arm64v8/job/python) | [![i386 build status badge](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/s/https/doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/i386/job/python.svg?label=i386)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/i386/job/python) | [![ppc64le build status badge](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/s/https/doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/ppc64le/job/python.svg?label=ppc64le)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/ppc64le/job/python) | [![s390x build status badge](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/s/https/doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/s390x/job/python.svg?label=s390x)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/s390x/job/python) |
| [![windows-amd64 build status badge](https://img.shields.io/jenkins/s/https/doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/windows-amd64/job/python.svg?label=windows-amd64)](https://doi-janky.infosiftr.net/job/multiarch/job/windows-amd64/job/python) |

<!-- THIS FILE IS GENERATED BY https://github.com/docker-library/docs/blob/master/generate-repo-stub-readme.sh -->
